docs(x/ecocredit): add project updates (#701)
regen-network/regen-ledger: x/ecocredit/spec/01_concepts.md

Once a new credit class is created, credits can be issued at-will in distinct batches by any address in the **issuer list** of the corresponding credit class.

## Project

A project describes the high-level on-chain information for an issuer associated with a credit class. A project is defined by:
- **project ID**: The unique ID of the project

> - **class ID**: The unique ID of the credit class for this project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **class ID**: The unique ID of the credit class corresponding to this project (which determines what ecocredits can be issued to to this project)
```

> - **class ID**: The unique ID of the credit class for this project
> - **issuer***: The issuer of the credit batches for this project

Author: ```suggestion
- **name***: The name of the project
- **class ID**: The unique ID of the credit class for this project
```

- **project location**: The location of the project backing the credits issued from this project
- **metadata**: A byte array (up to 256 bytes) which can be used to store small amounts of metadata, or a URI that points to an off-chain resource for querying more complete metadata information. This usually would include descriptive information about the project.

> Each credit batch is associated with a project, backing each issuance with information about the issuer of the credits. A credit class can have multiple projects that issue credits from the credit class.

Reviewer: This framing is not really what I understand to be the model we are aiming for. In my understanding, projects are not describing issuers. They are separate entities (issuers being closer to verifiers, and projects being eventually administered by project developers/land stewards).  So I think it'd be more accurate to say something like "backing each issuance with information about the on-the-ground project to which the credits were issued."

I just scheduled some time on Monday to go over this with @S4mmyb and @ryanchristo so hopefully we can all get together then and make sure we're understanding things the same way.

> Each credit batch is associated with a project, backing each issuance with information about the issuer of the credits. A credit class can have multiple projects that issue credits from the credit class. It is not required that the same issuer issue all batches for a project.

Reviewer 2: "It is not required that the same issuer issue all batches for a project."
what do you mean by that? looking at the code, it seems like the project issuer should be the one issuing all batches for this project.

Author: Hmm... I'm not entirely sure what I was trying to say. Maybe it is not required that the same "project" issue all batches for a "credit class" but that would be redundant following the sentence before. I'll remove.

> Each credit batch is associated with a project, backing each issuance with information about the project implementing the methodologies defined within the credit class. A credit class can have multiple projects. Projects can only be created by an issuer for the given credit class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each credit batch is associated with a project, backing each issuance with information about the project implementing the methodologies defined within the credit class. Over a project's lifecycle, it's expected that there many be many credit batches issued at different points in time (e.g. at the conclusion of each monitoring period).  To ensure that only legitimate projects are registered on-chain, projects can only be created by an issuer for the given credit class.
```

Each credit batch has a unique ID (i.e. denomination) that starts with the abbreviation of the credit type followed by the start date, end date, and batch sequence number. For example, `C01-20190101-20200101-001` would be the first batch issued (`001`) from the first carbon credit class (`C01`) and the reduction of carbon emissions was measured between `20190101` and `20200101`.

> A credit batch is associated with a project, which includes information about the project implementing the methodologies defined within the credit class, and any additional information can be attached to the metadata field. When credits are issued, they can be issued in a tradable or retired state. The credit batch also tracks the total number of active credits (tradable and retired credits) and the total number of cancelled credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each credit batch is associated with an on-chain project, linking information about the on-the-ground project implementing the methodologies defined within the credit class. Additional information about a specific batch can be attached to the batch's metadata field. When credits are issued, they can be issued in a tradable or retired state. The credit batch also tracks the total number of active credits (tradable and retired credits) and the total number of cancelled credits.
```
